servers should use 404 (#10860)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/registries.md

using the [`cargo login`] command, or by passing the token on the
command-line.

> Responses should use the 200 or 404 response code as appropriate. Failure

Reviewer: I don't think servers need to restrict themselves to 404 for errors. I think they should be free to return the appropriate response (400, 401, 403, 404, etc.) as they see fit. 

Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Responses use the 200 response code for success.
Errors should use an appropriate response code, such as 404.
Failure
```

}
```

If the response has this structure Cargo will display the detailed message to the user, even if the response code is 200.
If the response code indicates an error and the content does not have this structure, Cargo will display to the user a
 message intended to help debugging the server error. A server returning an `errors` object allows a registry to provide a more

> detailed or user centric error message. The first release of Cargo to support registries Cargo 1.34 (released 2019-04-11) will only 
> show a human readable error if the code is 200, this has been fixed in all versions since Cargo 1.35 (released 2019-05-23).

Reviewer: I don't think this historical information needs to be included. This was a tiny window 3 years ago.  Also, there is usually a hyphen before `centric` when combined with another word.

```suggestion
detailed or user-centric error message.
```
